PROMPTS.md, before:

<details>
    <summary>
        [09:16 PM 23/06/2025] Visual Studio Code Copilot Agent: Claude Sonnet 4
    </summary>

- See how the development works in this monorepo

```
#codebase please explain, using this monorepo template, i want to develop a golang application. everything should be good, i just need explanation.

how does the workflow go when developing a go api?
does local development uses docker?
assuming postgresql is dockerized, what other services that runs in docker?
when and how is usage between pnpm and moon?
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>
        [09:53 AM 24/06/2025] GitHub Copilot: GPT 4.1
    </summary>

- See Golang apps structure

```
take at look at the go template, what architecture or design pattern is it called?
```

- Start development

```
what should i dig as a beginner back end engineer to get started in development using this template?
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>
        [07:06 PM 24/06/2025] CopilotChat.Nvim: Claude Sonnet 4
    </summary>

- The validation didn't do anything, answer: it wasn't implemented anywhere

```
#file:/home/seya/code/01/skill-test/apps/zog-news/domain/article.go
#file:/home/seya/code/01/skill-test/apps/zog-news/service/article.go

How and where does the validator work? I sent a post request without Author and Content key but it still gets created even though the validator is required?
```

```
#files:**/*.go

Can you find where the validation happens?
```

```
based on my codebase, where should i implement the validator?
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>
        [08:32 PM 24/06/2025] CopilotChat.Nvim: Claude Sonnet 4
    </summary>

- Amati, Tiru, Modifikasi

```
#file:/home/seya/code/01/skill-test/apps/zog-news/README.md
#url:https://github.com/moonrepo/setup-toolchain

create a github workflow to run test using moon
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>
        [09:10 PM 24/06/2025] GitHub Copilot: GPT 4.1
    </summary>

- Moon & Proto too complicated!

```
How does one create a test workflow for go app in this template? Please create and explain using go 1.24.2 and postgresql 17
```

```
explain why did you use go mod download instead of go tidy?
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>
        [02:35 PM 25/06/2025] CopilotChat.Nvim: Claude Sonnet 4
    </summary>

- Implementation

```
#filenames:**/*

lets say i want to have a weak entity for article-topic relationship, how do i implement this? do i need domain, repo, services? lets do this slowly, explain to me like a beginner back-end engineer.
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>
        [06:49 PM 25/06/2025] CopilotChat.Nvim: Claude Sonnet 4
    </summary>

- Architectural confusion

```
#buffers

if i add topic methods to article domain, then in the service should i use the methods from repo or domain?
```

```
so in beginner terms: domains are used for business validation, and repository is for database operations, am i correct? if anything, does repository contains validation too? or should domain and repository methods have their own concerns?
```

```
in my current implementation, domain methods doesnt return anything. is it bad? should i return errors instead?
```

```
im still confused on how to handle the relationship, should i define topics field in article domain?

if so, should i use topic struct or just the id is fine?

lets say i want to get an article with its topics, i think having the struct object is better than having just ids. is it correct?

if we are going the struct way, that means i have to change the topic parameter from string (id) to Topic struct, then i have to pass structs instead of ids. is this the best way to do it?

lets go through this slowly
```

```
you already now that this api has many to many relationship of articles and topics. but whats the actual best practice for the responses? is it "fine" to return list of topics by default?

you may refer credible sources for your opinion
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>
        [09:03 AM 26/06/2025] CopilotChat.Nvim: Claude Sonnet 4
    </summary>

- Topic filtering

```
i want to filter by article topic name in the article_topics table, should i modify the query or is it possible to use where conditions?
```

</details>

Commit message:

feat(repository): return article topics to list

PROMPTS.md, after:

<details>
    <summary>
        [09:16 PM 23/06/2025] Visual Studio Code Copilot Agent: Claude Sonnet 4
    </summary>

- See how the development works in this monorepo

```
#codebase please explain, using this monorepo template, i want to develop a golang application. everything should be good, i just need explanation.

how does the workflow go when developing a go api?
does local development uses docker?
assuming postgresql is dockerized, what other services that runs in docker?
when and how is usage between pnpm and moon?
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>
        [09:53 AM 24/06/2025] GitHub Copilot: GPT 4.1
    </summary>

- See Golang apps structure

```
take at look at the go template, what architecture or design pattern is it called?
```

- Start development

```
what should i dig as a beginner back end engineer to get started in development using this template?
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>
        [07:06 PM 24/06/2025] CopilotChat.Nvim: Claude Sonnet 4
    </summary>

- The validation didn't do anything, answer: it wasn't implemented anywhere

```
#file:/home/seya/code/01/skill-test/apps/zog-news/domain/article.go
#file:/home/seya/code/01/skill-test/apps/zog-news/service/article.go

How and where does the validator work? I sent a post request without Author and Content key but it still gets created even though the validator is required?
```

```
#files:**/*.go

Can you find where the validation happens?
```

```
based on my codebase, where should i implement the validator?
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>
        [08:32 PM 24/06/2025] CopilotChat.Nvim: Claude Sonnet 4
    </summary>

- Amati, Tiru, Modifikasi

```
#file:/home/seya/code/01/skill-test/apps/zog-news/README.md
#url:https://github.com/moonrepo/setup-toolchain

create a github workflow to run test using moon
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>
        [09:10 PM 24/06/2025] GitHub Copilot: GPT 4.1
    </summary>

- Moon & Proto too complicated!

```
How does one create a test workflow for go app in this template? Please create and explain using go 1.24.2 and postgresql 17
```

```
explain why did you use go mod download instead of go tidy?
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>
        [02:35 PM 25/06/2025] CopilotChat.Nvim: Claude Sonnet 4
    </summary>

- Implementation

```
#filenames:**/*

lets say i want to have a weak entity for article-topic relationship, how do i implement this? do i need domain, repo, services? lets do this slowly, explain to me like a beginner back-end engineer.
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>
        [06:49 PM 25/06/2025] CopilotChat.Nvim: Claude Sonnet 4
    </summary>

- Architectural confusion

```
#buffers

if i add topic methods to article domain, then in the service should i use the methods from repo or domain?
```

```
so in beginner terms: domains are used for business validation, and repository is for database operations, am i correct? if anything, does repository contains validation too? or should domain and repository methods have their own concerns?
```

```
in my current implementation, domain methods doesnt return anything. is it bad? should i return errors instead?
```

```
im still confused on how to handle the relationship, should i define topics field in article domain?

if so, should i use topic struct or just the id is fine?

lets say i want to get an article with its topics, i think having the struct object is better than having just ids. is it correct?

if we are going the struct way, that means i have to change the topic parameter from string (id) to Topic struct, then i have to pass structs instead of ids. is this the best way to do it?

lets go through this slowly
```

```
you already now that this api has many to many relationship of articles and topics. but whats the actual best practice for the responses? is it "fine" to return list of topics by default?

you may refer credible sources for your opinion
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>
        [09:03 AM 26/06/2025] CopilotChat.Nvim: Claude Sonnet 4
    </summary>

- Topic filtering

```
i want to filter by article topic name in the article_topics table, should i modify the query or is it possible to use where conditions?
```

- Return topics of articles

```
should i return topic entites from article repository? explain why and how
```

```
i used uuid type for the id, so i cant coalesce them into empty strings. if i use null value, it gives me error because i must check if all of the fields are not null, is there a better way to do this? or should i stop overengineer and just do if checks instead?
```

```
#buffer

please debug this, why wont anything get scanned successfully? article.ID is empty, article.Title is empty, everything is empty except for topic. meanwhile the commented code works, why?

why wont the topics add? it doesnt even return the topics key from the struct
```

</details>
